#Germany Berlin

- For 2 or 2 weeks we have a full garbage in the courtyard; general waste. It's a mess.
- Birds love it. I see them every day taking out some food from plastic bags. They then left it outside, resulting in a courtyard filled with scattered plastic. Also, there is nowhere to dispose of rubbish, so everyone is probably keeping it in their apartments. I had a short discussion about that with my neighbour from above and he also doesn't know why it's like that, and he added that his rubbish started to stink.
- This morning, Melina messaged me to say that she had spoken to the building owner and that everything is fine with the apartment. She advised me not to put my name on the mailbox or doorbell. Apparently, the building management noticed my name there a few weeks ago and contacted her about it.
- It started to rain in the evening, I thought about what else I should prepare for [[Adrian Kicka]] and Marcelina; they are coming tomorrow in the afternoon. The forecast says it will be rainy, but then, 3 days of great weather, and on Friday, they say, 30 degrees.
- I have a new neighbour next to me. Alberto rented his apartment to a traveling family consisting of parents and two, maybe three, kids. A few days ago, I talked briefly with the guy when he brought me my parcel from Amazon. He said it is not easy to move from one place to another with a whole family, but also is not easy to live in one place all the time. He is a young guy, maybe my age, a good guy, I think.