- Good Morning Paris, how are you?
- A fine, good bakery, a discovery of today, called [Demain Boulangerie](https://demainboulangerie.fr/) has half-price products, because they do food recycling from [Maison Landemaine](https://maisonlandemaine.com/) - "Just one more day, TOMORROW" located at 133 rue Saint Maur, Paris 11.
- I had it for dessert, a cinnamon cake and a rabarbar one, and I found the dough very good. Also, the thing that they put on the basis is good. Not too sugary. "I would like to do one, but I would not be able to do something so good." said [[Moah]]
- People say that there are many different ways of giving love to people. There is like a small gesture, being... Spending quality time, giving present, having a sexual interaction, and physical touch. For example, for me it's giving food. My vintage is getting better. Yes. Yes, muchs... ...their stuff, apparently. And to keep having it like this when I see the rind of a cake. Salio shoes on vintage. Yes, yes. Today? Maybe tomorrow. I would like to make good photos with my feet.
----
- There is also a monkey's stuff. What? There is also stuff from land and monkeys , which is vegan, bakery, andvery good.
-  I never thought of that. Spent time on Vint doing what? When I like something and I'm about to buy it or just when I like something, I always, not always, but a lot of times check the dressing and then I start daydreaming and imagining how their personality and their life and their traits, based on their stuff, you know? And it's on what they are selling, yes? What kind of people they are. Yeah, it says something about them. It says a lot. Yeah. Like an image, I totally see the vibe and it's also funny to imagine that I will be wearing the clothes in a totally different way, you know? Because we are absolutely not the same style, but still I found some cool stuff inside her and also why is she selling all this other clothes? Or maybe she's sick because she needs to get rid of everything or it's the mother stuff? It's also possible or she's maybe rebranding the whole style because... Maybe she's selling her ex-boyfriend clothes and things. Yeah. Or she got divorced and she wants to change his life. Yeah, which happened for sure. Oh yeah, for sure. This would also explain why she's selling so cheaply things. It is like looking throught the window. "She has so many things, its crazy, maybe she is selling the whole house" said [[Moah]]
- So, she can make a good price for all the stuff she takes, several things. I think it's always good. But this thing with the dead human around the life, it's really like looking out of the window. And you see the whole house, you know? I really like it.
- and also when you have a good contant with a person So, she can make a good price for all the stuff she takes, several things. I think it's always good. But this thing with the dead human around the life, it's really like looking out of the window. And you see the whole house, you know? I really like it.
- Scrolling down so down on a dressing that I found an ALF poster by accident. I would have never thought about this. It's pretty unusual.
- 